README.md, before:

# Pynama
3D fluid simulator. Procedure for the Navier–Stokes equations in the vorticity–velocity formulation, based on the kinematic Laplacian equation (KLE) method by spectral elements.Fem problem solver in Python with PETSc tools. 

### Necessary Installation: 

- python3
- mpi4py
    - `pip install mpi4py`
- numpy
    - `pip install numpy`
- matplotlib
    - `pip install matplotlib`
- petsc 
    - clone petsc   `git clone --branch maint-3.12 [https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc.git](https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc.git)`
    - cd pestc
    - configuration `./configure --download-hdf5 --download-chaco --download-fblaslapack`
    - make 
- petsc4py 
    - clone petsc4py `git clone --branch maint-3.12 [https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc4py.git](https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc4py.git)`
    - change in setup.cfg  dir and arch from pestc
        - like this config
            ``` 
            petsc_dir = /home/name/petsc
            petsc_arch = /arch-python-linux-x86_64
            ``` 
    - `python3 setup.py build -v`
    - `python3 setup.py install --user`

Commit message:

add YouTube video to README.md

README.md, after:

# Pynama
3D fluid simulator. Procedure for the Navier–Stokes equations in the vorticity–velocity formulation, based on the kinematic Laplacian equation (KLE) method by spectral elements.Fem problem solver in Python with PETSc tools. 

### YouTube explanation 
[Link to YouTube video with the explanation in Spanish](https://youtu.be/UZgozKFR0lU)

### Necessary Installation: 

- python3
- mpi4py
    - `pip install mpi4py`
- numpy
    - `pip install numpy`
- matplotlib
    - `pip install matplotlib`
- petsc 
    - clone petsc   `git clone --branch maint-3.12 [https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc.git](https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc.git)`
    - cd pestc
    - configuration `./configure --download-hdf5 --download-chaco --download-fblaslapack`
    - make 
- petsc4py 
    - clone petsc4py `git clone --branch maint-3.12 [https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc4py.git](https://gitlab.com/petsc/petsc4py.git)`
    - change in setup.cfg  dir and arch from pestc
        - like this config
            ``` 
            petsc_dir = /home/name/petsc
            petsc_arch = /arch-python-linux-x86_64
            ``` 
    - `python3 setup.py build -v`
    - `python3 setup.py install --user`
